Docs/polytopes (#611)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/PolyhedralGeometry/Polyhedra/pg_polyhedra_intro.md

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
```

```@setup oscar
using Oscar
```

```@contents
Pages = ["pg_polyhedra_intro.md"]
```

# Introduction

> Let $\mathbb{F}$ be an ordered field; the most prominent case here is where $\mathbb{F}=\mathbb{Q}$ are the rational numbers.

Reviewer: "the most prominent case" -- wha it that supposed to mean? Prominent with whom and for what, and why is it relevant for the reader?

Perhaps you wanted something like this?
```suggestion
Let $\mathbb{F}$ be an ordered field, for example the field $\mathbb{Q}$ of rational numbers.
```

Reviewer: Also, this text seems to replicate things that were started in PR #508 -- how do that PR and the one here relate to each other?

Reviewer 2: "Prominent" just means that this is the field that is used most. Functionality for other fields is limited. Most implementations and most software we interface only works with QQ.
@alexej-jordan Can you maybe comment on your PR?

Reviewer 3: Within a common zoom session we merged that branch into this docs branch. I will close #508.

A set $P \subseteq \mathbb{F}^n$ is called a (convex) polyhedron if it can be written as the intersection of finitely many closed affine halfspaces in $\mathbb{F}^n$.
That is, there exists a matrix $A$ and a vector $b$ such that
$$P = P(A,b) = \{ x \in \mathbb{F}^n \mid Ax \leq b\}.$$

> Writing $P$ as above is called an $H$-representation of $P$.

Reviewer: OK, so it seems my comments for PR #508 might apply to this PR here as well?
```suggestion
Writing $P$ as above is called an *$H$-representation* of $P$.
```

When a polyhedron $P \subset \mathbb{F}^n$ is bounded, it is called a polytope and the fundamental theorem of polytopes states that it may be written as the convex hull of finitely many points.
That is $$P = \textrm{conv}(p_1,\ldots,p_N), p_i \in \mathbb{F}^n.$$

> Writing $P$ in this way is called a $V$-representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing $P$ in this way is called a *$V$-representation*.
```

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
```

```@setup oscar
using Oscar
```

```@contents
Pages = ["pg_polyhedra_intro.md"]
```

# Introduction

> Let $\mathbb{F}$ be an ordered field; the most prominent case here is where

Reviewer: I still don't understand in what sense this is a "prominent" case? Do you mean "the most common" or "most frequently used", or "typically this is..."

Reviewer: OK, something weird is going on here: I now see that you answered this question at https://github.com/oscar-system/Oscar.jl/pull/611#discussion_r686700104 but I cannot add to that conversation, nor did it show it to me in the code.. Huh.

Based on what @lkastner wrote there, I'd suggest to basically use his wording from his explanation (i.e., this is most frequently used, and for other fields not all features may be supported -- although of course ideally we'd be more specific as to what works and what not, but that can be in a future PR)

Reviewer 4: While I am not picky about the wording, we need to compromise a bit here: Currently we only support rational polytopes etc in Oscar, but polymake can do much more.  The relevant ordered fields (e.g., rational functions) exist in Flint etc, but we need some glue code (which is in the making).  Therefore I'd prefer this slightly more general description to sketch our intentions.

Reviewer 4: > I still don't understand in what sense this is a "prominent" case? Do you mean "the most common" or "most frequently used", or "typically this is..."

We could take "default".
